Ceo,Cofounder- Kishor Patil
Chairman- Ravi Pandit
Founded in- 1990
Employees(India)- 5000-10000
Specialization-embedded software, AI, and digital solutions

Strengths- Great Team player, Self-motivated, Quick learner, patience
Weakness- I am more detail-oriented, nervous 
Short Term- To learn and imcrease my skillset
Long-term goal- To achieve a good position where I can build my career and help the organization too.

KPIT is a global partner to the automotive and Mobility ecosystem for making software-defined vehicles a reality. 
It provides embedded software and product engineering services to automotive companies. 

Awards- 2021 Global Over-the-air (OTA) and Cloud Platform Technology Innovation Leadership Award

Mission- To create technologies for a better world. KPIT act towards creating a green and clean world by collaborating with their customers and partners, and with the mission to integrate with them to build a sustainable environment.

Where do you see yourself in 5yrs:
My first priority is to join this company. After 5 years, I would like to see myself a more Mature, Experienced, Knowledgeble and Responsible person in your company and contributing to the better growth and success of the organization.

Why to work:
I feel that with my current skill sets and my experience in the c++ domain, the job requirements for this role presented are a perfect match for me. Besides, I have researched your company and found that it has impressive and promising projections which made me excited to be a part of the amazing future. I would take pride in working under the great leadership of this company and I found this place to be a perfect fit for utilizing my expertise along with the promising aspect of personal growth

why to hire:
As a fresher i think i will be a great fit for this role, since i am a quick learner and highly passionate about pursuing a carrer in this industry. I researched kpit on its mission and vission and i am sure i can deliver everything that you are looking for in a candidate.